I chose weather prediction as my final project.  I figured it was a useful topic with readily available data; something that could be accomplished and have an actual purpose outside of the project itself.  For data, I first went to Weather Underground but came to find out they had cancelled their public weather data API in December 2018.  The Googles told me the next most popular option was called DarkSky.net.  DarkSky not only had an API, but there was a Python wrapper for the API so I wouldn't have to parse the JSON results manually.  

I had found several machine learning tutorials for weather prediction, some using time-series and other using linear regression.  I chose regression as I had multiple features I wanted included in the prediction and I intuited the accuracy would be greater than with one-dimensional series.  I selected a handful of daily measurements I guessed would be most relevant to aid in prediction: high temperature, low temperature, barometric pressure, precipitation probability, cloud coverage, wind speed, and wind direction.  I used the API to pull these daily values from DarkSky for the previous 10 years and load them into a local database.  I then tranformed the daily records into 5+1 day records, where the feature values for 5 consecutive days + the 6th day were stored in a single record.  This would be my 5 days of x data and my 6th day y values.

After training on 85% of the data, mean absolute error on the test data for high & low temperature predictions was about 6 degrees.  However the predictions for precipitation probability and cloud coverage were not as accurate, with 0.17 and 0.27 mean error respectively.  When I pulled the model coefficients, I found the most relevant feature in all the predictions was the day 5 cloud coverage value... I foresaw the high relevance and low accuracy of this feature spelling trouble for multi-day predictions.

And I was right.  While the day-1 temperature predictions using empirical data were ~5 degrees from actual, the day-2 predictions which included the day-1 predictions as an input were ~9 degrees away from actual and the day-3 values were ~10 degrees off.

My impression of the results is that in order to produce accurate multi-day forecasts, data from surrounding areas must also be included.  Weather is affected by so many variables that only having a myopic view of a single location's data is inadequate to predict upcoming events.  Measurements on day 1 may not give any indication of the weather which will be occur on day 3, but if measurements from surrounding (and distant) areas were available, rapid changes blowing into town could be foreseen.
